TELCODOCS#2004: Day 2 Operations - Security Doc (#86603)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-security-identity-prov-config.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * edge_computing/day_2_core_cnf_clusters/observability/telco-security-basics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="telco-security-identity-prov-config_{context}"]
= Identity provider configuration

Configuring an identity provider is the first step in setting up users on the cluster. You can manage groups at the organizational level by using an identity provider. 

The identity provider can pull in specific user groups that are maintained at the organizational level, rather than the cluster level. This allows you to add and remove users from groups that follow your organization’s established practices.

[NOTE]
====
You must set up a cron job to run frequently to pull any changes into the cluster.
====

> You can use an identity provider to manage access levels for specific groups within your organization. You can assign the `cluster-admin` role to teams that require cluster-level privileges, grant application administrators specific privileges to manage only their respective projects, and provide operational teams with `view` access across the cluster to enable monitoring without allowing modifications.

Reviewer: >  You can assign the `cluster-admin` role to teams that require cluster-level privileges, grant application administrators specific privileges
I stumbled over this a bit when I first read it. Maybe a list?

```suggestion
You can use an identity provider to manage access levels for specific groups within your organization. For example, you can assign the following access levels:
* Assign the `cluster-admin` role to teams that require cluster-level privileges
* Grant application administrators specific privileges to manage only their respective projects
* Provide operational teams with `view` access across the cluster to enable monitoring without allowing modifications.
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> By using an identity provider, you can manage the level of access for specific groups within your organization. Teams requiring cluster-level privileges can be assigned the `cluster-admin` role, while application administrators can be given specific privileges that allow them to manage only their respective projects. Additionally, operational teams can be granted `view` access across the cluster, allowing them to monitor without modifying anything.

Reviewer 2: Consider revising this in an active voice.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
